---
layout: post
title: "Session 1: Where are the Ramen?"
date: 2019-11-12
---

November 15,2089

It was a downright misereable evening. It was storming around 20:00. I don't even remember why I was out and about in such  a weather.
Soaked as I was,I decided to head to the nearest Stuffer Shack.I was not the only one who had that idea.In front of the store,I see a female troll and two human males.
Little did I know that they are going to make my evening more eventfull...

As we enter, the cashier drones: "Welcome to the Stuffer Shack. Just pick something.Don't be long.".He looks as miserable as the weather.
I head to aisle 7 to look for something edible. As I walk,I can hear a couple flirting somewhere towards the back and a baby crying. "Hush,I only need to get the diapers",soothes the mother.
A moment later,I hear the door beep as she leaves.At aisle 7,I peruse the breakfeat food selection. There's almost-egg,some soy-based foodstuffs and ready to eat cereals. 
As I was deliberating whether I should risk buying the half-cooked almost-egg or buy the bland soy-based food substitute, the door beeps again.
"I'm sorry,I forgot the diapers",the mother says. The cashier justs sighs heavily.

Not long after,I hear an explosion nearby,the vibrations nearly knock me over.I hear a crash as several shelves fall over. Two leather-clad and tatooed gangers and a native american shaman enter the store.
"Tell us where the woman with the baby is or you will die!",the leader shouts. His buddy,who holds an AK-97 heads to the right to search for the woman.
The leader walks up to me and points a gun at my face: "I will shoot you if you don't cooperate so tell me,<i>where is the woman</i>".
Even though he is threathening me,I can see that he doesn't really want to shoot me with his Ares Predator. I try to quickly draw my gun and shoot him,but my hands are shaking badly.
